Added extra comments & rendered htmls. (#9)
worldbank/r-econ-visual-library: Library/DensityRidgelineRounds.Rmd

  mutate(
    treatment_group = ifelse(cashtreat == 1, "Cash",
                               ifelse(equiptreat == 1, "In-kind", "Control"))
    ) 
# Using ifelse (nested in this case) function to make the treatment_group variable that passes a given test

> # Here, Cash" is assigned if the unit of observation is equal to 1 or "In Kind" if equiptreat is equal to 1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Here, "Cash" is assigned to the data point if cashtreat is equal to 1 or "In Kind" if equiptreat is equal to 1. "Control" is assigned to every other case
```

# and Control otherwise

# Printing the first five rows of the data to visualize its structure after data wrangling
head(data)

# Create a graph ---------------

> ggplot(analysis_data, aes(x = realfinalprofit, 
>                           y = fct_rev(factor(wave)), 
>                           color = factor(treatment_group), 
>                           fill = factor(treatment_group))) +

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ggplot(analysis_data, 
       aes(x = realfinalprofit, 
              y = fct_rev(factor(wave)), 
       color = factor(treatment_group), 
       fill = factor(treatment_group))) +
```

Reviewer 2: The line spacing here was almost perfect, but in general, what we want to do is:
1. break lines after each argument (i.e., after each comma)
2. use indentation to make it clear which arguments are part of the same function. in this case, `analysis_data`, `aes()`, `color` and `fill` are arguments of the `ggplot()` function, so they should be aligned; while `x` and `y` are arguments of the `aes()` function, so `y` is aligned with `x`.
